### .NET Framework
### .NET Cross Platform
### .NET Unity
### .NET Xamarin
### .NET ASP.NET
-----------------------------------------------

### .NET Framework

* The .NET Framework is a development platform for building apps for web, Windows, Windows Phone, Windows Server, and Microsoft Azure

* .NET is a free, cross-platform, open source developer platform for building many different types of applications.

* With .NET, you can use multiple languages, editors, and libraries to build for web, mobile, desktop, gaming, and IoT.

* The .NET Framework provides many services, including memory management, type and memory safety, security, networking, and application deployment. It provides easy-to-use data structures and APIs that abstract the lower-level Windows operating system. 

* You can use a variety of programming languages with the .NET Framework, including 
  * C#
  * F#
  * Visual Basic

* You can write .NET apps in C#, F#, or Visual Basic.

### .NET Cross Platform

* **.NET Core** is a cross-platform .NET implementation for websites, servers, and console apps on macOS, Windows, and Linux.
* **.NET Framework** supports websites, services, desktop apps, and more on Windows.
* **Xamarin/Mono** is a .NET implementation for running apps on all the major mobile operating systems.

### .NET Unity

* **Unity** is a game development platform for building 2D and 3D games using .NET and the C# programming language.

### .NET Xamarin

* **Xamarin** is a set of tools and libraries for building cross-platform mobile apps on the .NET platform. Xamarin use for make native apps for iOS, Android, Windows, and macOS.

### .NET ASP.NET

* **ASP.NET** is a set of tools and libraries for building web applications on the .NET platform.
* ASP.NET MVC is a rich framework for building web apps and APIs using the Model-View-Controller design pattern




